Prince, you are too arrogant
Are you going to put
Are all the projects in our countries kicked off?
So what?
Good, very good.
My father has also returned to the capital now
I think you can use dozens of hum
His Royal Highness
You're still too young.
These things you do
It's nothing more than wanting to give those poor imperial examinations
Vacancy
pity
You can't resist the pressure of the entire aristocracy
Mr. Yan is teaching me to do things
dare not dare
Walk and see, brother
When my father comes to find you
I hope you don't cry too hard.
The prince is too arrogant
You are gone during this time
He actually put it on the post
The love that sacrificed his life was expelled for the little prince
Not only the little prince
Along with the other sons of the powerful, they were also invaded by the little prince
Seven or eight people were kicked out of the court together by Qin Xiu
Never hire
Are you saying that Qin Xiu has targeted my son since then?
Other light sources are minor problems.
As far as I know
This time the prince is preparing to be deposed
Little Young Master's Inspectorate City Job
Just made such a scene
Too bad it's young
Nothing beats the intrigues of Qinxiu
You're welcome, you're welcome.
I could have used it.
But this oops
Qin Xiu this kid
I'm a big uncle
God of the moment
Just him
Hmph, dare to target me